All right, so our Details page
can display the product name,
but like I mentioned earlier, let's go ahead
and add some more details to the page.
But before we do that, I want to add
a new CSS style to our file "styles.css"
because we'll use this style on our actual Details page.
So let's just move down to "styles.css".
And so in this file, let's go ahead
and do a search for the string "detail-section".
And this should bring you down to
the area of code that's similar
to what I have on the screen.
And so we're going to add a new style right after here.
We could actually place this style anywhere,
but I'm just trying to group related styles
in similar locations in the file.
And so I'll add a new style for the
actual image width as a percentage.
So I'll call this style "detail-img".
And the width is 30%.
So when we display our detail image,
this is the actual percentage that we want to have
as far as a view for that given image.
All righty, so now we can move back
to our "product-details-component.html"
and I'll get rid of some of that
hard-coded stuff that I put in a little bit earlier.
So I'll just kind of remove line four here.
And the first thing that we want on our Details page
is the actual product image.
So we'll make use of "img src",
give the image URL and class,
and we'll make use of the new class
that we just created, "detail-img".
All right, so let's go ahead and
add an "h3" for the product name.
Next, we'll add code here for the product price.
We'll also add a button here for a cart.
Right now it's just a placeholder,
it doesn't really do anything.
We'll add that functionality in some of the upcoming videos.
I'll just set up a little horizontal rule here.
I'll set up a heading for a description.
And then I'll actually give the product description.
And I'll save that here.
And...oh!
Red stuff in the terminal, whoa.
What's going on there?
Let me scroll the window up and see what's happening.
Error.
Description does not exist, oh, typo!
(laughing)
And it even says, "Hey, did you mean 'description'?"
Oh, wow, you're great, I like that.
Typo, it found it for me.
Description with a "c", nice, excellent.
Compiled successfully, yeah!
All righty, I'm excited now.
Let's go ahead and test this out
so I'll swing back over to my browser.
And I'll select one of our products
and then success, yes!
So we have the image, name, price, button, description.
Sweet, I like it, I like it.
Check out some of our other products here.
Yep, good, good, looks good.
And let's play around with some of our other categories.
So mouse pads, sweet.
And coffee mugs, oh yeah!
And finally, all of our luggage tags, awesome.
So I'm fairly confident here that...
(laughing)
the Master Detail View is working out
just fine for us in our application.
But there's one more thing I want to add,
I want to add a navigation link
to the bottom of that Details page
just so the user can click that link
to go back to the main page if they like.
So the "routerLink" will be to products.
Set the appropriate class here in T5.
Save that and swing back over to my application.
And I should see the new updates here.
Great, so right here at the bottom, notice here,
there's a "Back to Product List",
and choosing that takes me back to my products.
All righty, so this looks really good.
So we have the master detail functionality
working for our project.
I'd like to say good job.